>> Brian Holt: So,
we've completed the calculator,
nice little portfolio piece for you.
Kinda of a fun thing to do and hopefully
you got a little bit more understanding of
what kind of engineering
goes into a calculator.
That's my entire goal.
Just kidding, I don't care.
[LAUGH].
So.
This is going to be your exercise for
today.
This is definitely the hardest
one I've given you so far and
you're probably thinking like, dear God,
is that like a vendetta against me or
something like that?
I do.
That's actually what it is.
No, but I'm really excited about this.
I'm super, super excited about this.
We're gonna be making.
It's not whack a mole
because that's animal abuse.
We're going to do feed a mole.
Which is so much more pleasant.
So we have some artwork for you from
I think your last name is Barretton.
Alice Barretton.
And it's phenomenal and
I'm really excited to show you this.
So I'm going to show you my
version of the game here.
And I'm just going to
zoom out a little bit.
So you have a little bird here and
the bird is trying to feed the moles.
>> Brian Holt: It gets a little sad if you
don't feed it and then it goes away, but
if you feed it then it's got like a happy
face and it goes away and it's happy.
You can see here's a little
guys growing over there, and
sometimes you'll see little king ones that
come out that are worth double points.
>> Brian Holt: There's the king.
And then, you have a happy little star
mole at the end, once you fed it all.
Come on though,
this just has to like warm your heart.
It warms my heart.
This is what you're going
to be building right now.
It's probably gonna be tough to build
in the day, but I expect you to,
like go through and
over time be able to finish this project.
So here's my advice to you when
you're trying to build this game.
It's helpful to try and do the HTML and
CSS, more of that kind of stuff up front.
Then after I have like HTML like the
background and a little warm up there and
all that kind of stuff I would probably
just make them moles show up and
disappear.
Don't make them clickable,
don't do anything like that.
Just make them show up and
then go back in their hole.
So I think something that
bears mentioning here.
If you inspect element here
you can see here that,
let's make this a little bigger.
These have like a background.
They're just black backgrounds.
Did Jen show you border radius stuff and
how to do border radius and
how to make things circles.
Cool.
So you just can use that same
technique here.
And then all I'm doing here is I
have an image inside of it, that I'm
you can see here that it's just changing
the source of the image right there.
There's a little mole butt
>> [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: That was my favorite part.
When it's gone then I add like the gone
class to it then when it comes and
it's hungry then it puts the hungry class
on it and does stuff like that and then
you can just change the source
here as things change, okay?
So going back to this.
>> Brian Holt: Okay and then once you kind
of have them coming and going, right?
Then I want you to be able to
like click on one of them and
that will add a point, right?
And don't worry about making them have
the happy face or anything like that.
Just make them show up
with the hungry face.
And if you don't click on them,
then just have them disappear.
Don't worry about the butts or
any of that kind of stuff.
After they click ten times, have them win,
that's another thing that you could do.
Then after that, maybe work on the worm
meter, so it fills up over time.
At that point you can probably make one
in 10 of the moles using math dot random.
Okay, if a user doesn't click a mole,
then you can show a sad mole and
then have them disappear.
If someone doesn't feed a mole or if
someone feeds a mole then show a fed mole,
that's the pie the next step there.
And then after both sad and fed moles,
you should show a mole button, right?
At that point, you should be more or
less done with the game.
>> Brian Holt: So feel free to play
around with the game and the timings.
I'm having, right now,
moles show up for two seconds.
If you don't click on them,
then they go away.
But you could try maybe making
that three seconds or one second.
Maybe it's random,
like they only show for maybe one to four
seconds using that math.random function.
That's up to you.